Add initial docs style guide (#108)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/contributing/website/style_guide.md

---
title: "Docs Style Guide"
date: 2020-04-29T19:09:55+02:00
weight: 5
---

## Documentation Style Guide

This guide is meant to help keep our documentation consistent and ease the
contribution and review process.

### Submariner project and binary capitalization

The project name "Submariner" should be capitalized. The same goes for
Submariner subprojects like Lighthouse, Shipyard, Coastguard and similar.

> To indicate that a Submariner project artifact should taken as the literal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To indicate that a Submariner project artifact should be taken as the literal
```
?

Author: Yes, good catch thanks!

characters of a command, Submariner project binaries like `subctl` can be
written with \`backticks\`.

> 

Reviewer 2: I think you can include a section with a note on K8s objects (like Pod/Service/Deployment etc) as we use them frequently in our documentation.

Author: Nice suggestion @sridhargaddam, thanks! While starting to add this I was digging around and noticed that the K8s style guide covers it nicely in their docs about object capitalization. Maybe I can re-work this PR to first say we follow the K8s Style Guide (which would cover this rule), and extend parts of it (like their [word list](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#kubernetes-io-word-list)) to add Submariner-specific things.

Author: Done in the latest. :)

---
title: "Docs Style Guide"
date: 2020-04-29T19:09:55+02:00
weight: 5
---

## Documentation Style Guide

This guide is meant to help keep our documentation consistent and ease the
contribution and review process.

Submariner follows the [Kubernetes Documentation Style Guide][kube docs guide]
wherever relevant. This is a Submariner-spicific extention of those practices.

### Submariner.io word list

A list of Submariner-specific terms and words to be used consistently across
the site.

Term | Usage
:--- | :----
Submariner | The project name *Submariner* should always be capitalized.
Admral | The project name *Admral* should always be capitalized.
Lighthouse | The project name *Lighthouse* should always be capitalized.

> Coastguard | The project name *Coastguard* should always be capitalized.

Reviewer 3: It seems we should we mention Shipyard as well.

Author: Good catch, done in the latest.

> `subctl` | The artfiact `subctl` should not be capitalized and should be formated in code style.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`subctl` | The artifact `subctl` should not be capitalized and should be formatted in code style.
```

---
title: "Docs Style Guide"
date: 2020-04-29T19:09:55+02:00
weight: 5
---

## Documentation Style Guide

This guide is meant to help keep our documentation consistent and ease the
contribution and review process.

Submariner follows the [Kubernetes Documentation Style Guide][kube docs guide]
wherever relevant. This is a Submariner-spicific extention of those practices.

### Submariner.io word list

A list of Submariner-specific terms and words to be used consistently across
the site.

Term | Usage
:--- | :----
Submariner | The project name *Submariner* should always be capitalized.

> Admral | The project name *Admral* should always be capitalized.

Reviewer 2: nit: Admiral?

Author: Ah, thanks, fixed.

Lighthouse | The project name *Lighthouse* should always be capitalized.
Coastguard | The project name *Coastguard* should always be capitalized.
Shipyard | The project name *Shipyard* should always be capitalized.

> `subctl` | The artifact `subctl` should not be capitalized and should be formatted in code style.

Reviewer 3: Should we extend this to any script or command?

Author: Maybe, I'm not sure. I think this is partly covered by https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-code-style-for-kubernetes-command-tool-and-component-names, and I just intended to be explicit with major/common Submariner terms.
